Brother, what's the matter?
What's wrong?
Xiaolu, you go abroad immediately
Don't come back for now.
I've already booked your ticket
Brother, what's wrong?
Xiaolu, listen to my brother
You go abroad first
Don't come back for now.
I'm not leaving
Brother Yuanyang is still here
I'm leaving now.
Didn't you just give him to that woman?
I do not
Xiaoru
Didn't you listen to your brother the most?
Listen to me
You go abroad first
Brother has prepared enough funds for you.
Enough for you to squander for a lifetime
If brother wins
Brother will pick you up
If my brother loses this time
You stay abroad
Never come back
Let's face it together, okay?
You haven't listened to your brother the most since you were a child
Come hello
Come on.
Xiao Zhou
Go ahead.
Brother, I'm leaving.
You have to take care of yourself
Brother, I know something must have happened to our family
I want to help you.
But I do.
I'm sure I'll be a burden to you if I stay here
Brother, I'm leaving first
You must be well
You must remember to pick me up.